I played chess versus 8 000 viewers
all right you're up yeah okay just try
to stop my French nipple twister how do
I stop you from copying me what is an
uncopyable move here I have a plan oh
oops I was gonna come up like this and
then Checkmate you or something you're
doing it you're so dumb you fell for the
Bulgarian nipple twister all right now I
take Queen oh Chad the Luxembourg rim
job absolutely
just buy a fork job if I've ever seen
one we just did the Mongolian mistake a
classic I'm gonna be honest not looking
as good anymore oh I'm super dumb wow
what do you want you can pick anything
how about a bishop double Bishop is
called the Queen's Gambit oh but if you
went for a night that's called the
Queen's Gambit you know what Chad I
offer a draw all right hold on fine
whatever I don't want it anyway in this
situation you could do what's called a
Queen's Gambit I think you could throw
this
[Music]
oh [__] it's not too late except the
draw trash